acquire a microwriter keyboard: 
http://www.loper-os.org/?p=861


Plushies:
---------

Cthulhu pony https://twitter.com/io9/status/418831597593690112/photo/1

animatronic LoL poro

talks/projects:
---------------

apply psych principles (conditioning, spaced repetition, whatever else) to UI
so computer can train person to accomplish goals
    prereqs:
        goals (quantified etc.)
        willingness to write UI stuff
        test subjects

figure out natural-ish makeup to fool security cameras
    prereqs: 
        samples of face recognition software
        makeup
        volunteers?

time management stuff that uses phone debug data dump (screen on times, etc,
like shown on battery history) to make better picture of how time is spent
    prereqs:
        clearer goal
        willingness to touch Android

make personal site cool like about page of http://maryrosecook.com/

*new internet*: automatically hide all links to anything it knows you've seen
before -- gracefully skip repeated images by repeating whatever action got you
the new one (rightarrow), gray out URLs, count how often a URL is linked from
things you browse. Visualize net of the internet pages one actually visits,
and net of "potential interests" that're often linked from things you go to
but haven't been clicked yet.

Bobcat Box of Books: kinda like http://www.bobcatinabox.com/ but $5/month and
send books it thinks you'll like, or which complete your collection, or w/e 
    prereqs: 
        home library catalog type sw
        db of similarities between books -- Dewey + Amazon ratings??
        willingness (or painlessness) to actually catalog all existing books
            -- maybe catalog input by ISBN and prints a QR to stick on the
            spine so a photo of the shelf can tell you what's on it via OCR?
        more space to store books
            -- maybe include a thing for automatically auctioning disliked or
            irrelevant books from collection, to fund the habit of acquiring
            more?

Label the Cookies
-----------------

http://edunham.net/2015/02/04/please_license_your_code.html would do super
well with a thingy that uses the GitHub API and you give it a GH username and
it looks at all their public repos and repos contributed to and points out
which ones are missing a LICENSE file


vanity domains
--------------

put in a precise nick and it finds for each 2 or 3-char substring whether a)
that's a TLD, b) the stuff before it is available as a domain. 

falling off the internet
------------------------

of own browsing/download history, find what's NOT on archive.org

combine  http://domaininferno.com/ and archive.org to find the content that
has lost its names

reed->read->red
---------------

i want a thing to track stuff i ought to read eventually. it ought not tell
others, except perhaps publishing summaries/reviews. ought to save a URL of a
post, or download a PDF, or track paper-books, with equal (hopefully lack of)
difficulty. 

could(should)? be command line. might be awkward to enter paperbook data; json
perhaps?

get: command that records a paperbook title or article topic to encourage
finding it later

reed: command that adds a specific instance of something i have access to and
ought to read, but haven't time right away.

read: command that gives me something to read, when i have time but not ideas. 

red: some kind of action, summary or review, to take upon having successfully
read a thing. 
